hello everyone I'm back at the mr. car
launch again our punic Grand Prix GXP is
going through again there's salt there's
a big red thing there's a big red
brushes there's soap learn the Toyota
Camry quite a game room for extra feet
there's a BMW 745 by there comes by
putting it in three jeeps Pete power
ring free there's the soap and there's a
big red brushes going on there's there's
a very small brushes there's a big
another big red thing
I'm gonna walk right down here to this
window to see the Grand Prix there's a
big red painted balloon and then my car
is getting hot shot oh I'm gonna earn a
walk right here to see it
and yet now and now they're come beeping
he's ready and there goes a big red
thing pick Brett brushes that comes if
there's a big red thing there's a water
again there's a big glass of water
there's a big water faster
I'm gonna walk right here to sit here
and breathe it's getting a repla shield
there's a wheel polish and when
protected under body wash
now the Grand Prix is getting under body
wash and that's it's getting the whale
polish I know this this they're here
skating off your it there at five dollar
wash mister car wash
specially the great thing that mr. fur
wash does so now it's getting a rinse
off and that was blow dryers blow dryers
are strong there's a big grid things
right there and whoa
yep there's a Toyota Camry SE model 2010
Toyota Camry to seat there goes the 2008
turning at great educators 2001 Ford
f-150 and up drain creeds the guys are
drying it up
now you're like goes I'm gonna walk
right here there's a car Sean
since the brand Bree
she's all nice and clean there's the
stop go Sun it's getting the tire shine
brainfreeze getting tire shop
yeah I'm gonna walk right here to the
last window to see the Grand Prix
there's a mazda cx7 show Sobrato latest
hit a Chevy Avalanche and there goes the
pungent green three GXP there goes the
funny group of jet ski it's all clean
and there it goes now goes Toyota Camry
I hope you hope y'all enjoyed the video
thanks for watch